I think each location has a different waitlist than on and off base, and
I assume it's really depicted by what is the cost of living out in
the community. So if you're going to ah, San Diego or ah, place where
it might be more expensive, I think the housing is going to be a
lot more coveted because people can't afford it. So I think early on,
as soon as you get your orders, your hard copy of orders is the first
time you need to communicate with the housing office and whether
or not you're gonna live on base. I think that's key because it puts
your name high on the list. So when the opportunity comes and when
you do get to your location, you will be higher on that list or you
can take yourself off if you choose to live out in the community.